DOCS-1773: Add info about preview images to contributing page (#2457)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/contributing.md

{{% /expand%}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}

> We _do_ include <file>.gif</file> file types in front matter of some docs (such as tutorials) when we want to display a GIF as the link preview image on external sites like social media.
> In the front matter we include an MP4, WebM and GIF of the same video because the GIF is compatible with external sites while the lower-bandwidth formats are displayed on our docs site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `webmSrc` and `mp4Src` to add a card video for a page (such as to a tutorial), you should also add a <file>.gif</file> version of the video to the front matter.
Hugo uses the GIF as a link preview image that gets displayed on external sites when someone shares the link, for example on Slack or Twitter.

Why?

- GIFs take more bandwidth than MP4 and WEBM videos, so on our page, we prefer to use MP4 and WEBM.
- Link previews using `og:image` only support GIFs
- Automatic conversion between the formats is possible but we also need to make sure that the resulting GIFs are presentable and under 1MB.
```

So I did just look into this a bit further to write this AND there is an `og:video` type which we may be able to use. We will need to test if slack etc support it.

Author: Does this comment still apply if we aren't using og:video?
